src/app/(Notes)/VideoClipper/Video Clipper.md, before:

---
tags:
  - projects
  - projects/GitHub
---
# Video Clipper
Trim ShadowPlay clips and combine the two audio tracks.

**Source code:** [VideoClipper](https://github.com/GitGeddes/VideoClipper)

## Framework
Created with [[Tauri]] and [[React]].

---

From GitHub README:

# VideoClipper
Trim ShadowPlay clips and combine the two audio tracks.

Made with [Tauri](https://tauri.app/) and [React](https://react.dev/).

I made this because I record my ShadowPlay clips with 2 audio tracks: game/desktop audio and microphone audio. The built-in video editor and exporter in ShadowPlay doesn't let me edit clips with 2 tracks. Instead of opening a video editor like Davinci Resolve just to trim one file and combine audio tracks, I built this `ffmpeg` wrapper to do that for me.

If you don't record ShadowPlay clips with 2 audio tracks, you don't need this program.

## Installation
1. Download and install [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/download.html).
    1.  `winget` is an easy way to install it on Windows: `winget install ffmpeg`
2. Download and run an installer from the [Releases](https://github.com/GitGeddes/VideoClipper/releases) page.
    1. This ensures you have dependencies like vcredist and WebView2.

## Features
- Video preview with slider to select start and end timestamps
- File picker
- Text input for output filename
- Mute or unmute microphone track
- Choose whether or not to overwrite an existing output file
- Save new video file by calling `ffmpeg` directly

## Usage
1. Select a video to trim
2. Select a start and end time with the slider
3. Enter a filename for the output file
4. Choose whether to include the microphone audio track in the output
5. Process the video

The output file goes into the same folder as the selected input video.

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GitGeddes/VideoClipper/refs/heads/main/res/videoclipper_screenshot.png)

Commit message:

Add FishyGame note
- Add spacing in various Markdown pages
- Rearrange notes list in Graph file
- Clean up VideoClipper page

src/app/(Notes)/VideoClipper/Video Clipper.md, after:

---
tags:
  - projects
  - projects/GitHub
---
# Video Clipper
Trim ShadowPlay clips and combine the two audio tracks.
####
**Source code:** [VideoClipper](https://github.com/GitGeddes/VideoClipper)

**Downloads page:** [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/GitGeddes/VideoClipper/releases)

## Framework
Created with [Tauri](https://tauri.app/) and [React](https://react.dev/).

## Background
I made this because I record my ShadowPlay gameplay clips with 2 audio tracks: game/desktop audio and microphone audio. The built-in video editor and exporter in ShadowPlay doesn't let me edit clips with 2 audio tracks. Instead of opening a video editor like Davinci Resolve just to trim one file and combine audio tracks, I built this `ffmpeg` wrapper to do that for me.
####
If you don't record ShadowPlay clips with 2 audio tracks, you don't need this program.

## Installation
1. Download and install [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/download.html).
    1.  `winget` is an easy way to install it on Windows: `winget install ffmpeg`
2. Download and run an installer from the [Releases](https://github.com/GitGeddes/VideoClipper/releases) page.
    1. This ensures you have dependencies like vcredist and WebView2.

## Features
- Video preview with slider to select start and end timestamps
- File picker
- Text input for output filename
- Mute or unmute microphone track
- Choose whether or not to overwrite an existing output file
- Save new video file by calling `ffmpeg` directly

## Usage
1. Select a video to trim
2. Select a start and end time with the slider
3. Enter a filename for the output file
4. Choose whether to include the microphone audio track in the output
5. Process the video
####
The output file goes into the same folder as the selected input video.

![screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GitGeddes/VideoClipper/refs/heads/main/res/videoclipper_screenshot.png)
